Biography of Dr. Huu Quynh Anh Le
 
Dr. Le Huu Quynh Anh is a chemical engineer specializing in nanomaterials for environmental treatment, with a focus on wastewater treatment and sustainable development. She led a national research project on wastewater treatment and contributed to various environmental engineering and climate change initiatives. She played a key role in designing a Bachelor's program in Climate Change and Sustainable Development and Bachelor's program in Materials Technology. She has published over 22 papers in international and national scientific journals.
Biography of Assoc. Prof. Thi Nga Dinh
 
 Assoc. Prof. Dinh Thi Nga has been manager for many national projects related to waste treatment, bioenergy production, climate change adaptation and mitigation, key member for a JCM project in Viet Nam about energy efficiency. She has 19 years working experience in the field of environmental engineering and climate change mitigation which focused waste treatment, waste to energy, renewable energy, environmental protection, climate change adaptation and mitigation. She has published more than 35 paper in the international and national scientific journals.

Biography of Prof. Anh Tuan Le
 
Prof. Le Anh Tuan has been working at Can Tho University since 1982 and currently holds the position of Senior Lecturer at the College of Environment and Natural Resources. He finished his PhD. in 2008 at Catholic University of Leuven, Belgium. In 2012, he was official recognized as an Associate Professor in Earth Sciences. 
 Prof. Le Anh Tuan has numerous years of experience in teaching and research in the fields of Water Resources Management, Environmental Engineering, Climate Change and Natural Disasters, Water Supply and Sewerage; Hydrology and Meteorology, and Renewable Energy. As of now, he has written 48 publications in both English and Vietnamese, comprising articles in international and national journals, conference and workshop proceedings, books, and book chapters.

Biography of Assoc. Prof. Thi Mai Hoai Bui
 
Assoc. Prof. Dr. Bui Thi Mai Hoai is a distinguished academic with 30 years of experience in Sustainable Finance, Management, and Public Policy. As the Director of the Institute of Sustainable Finance at UEH, she has played a pivotal role in advancing interdisciplinary education and research. She is the founder of Vietnam’s first Master’s Program in Sustainable Business and Environmental Management. Her extensive research and consultancy work in sustainable development have made significant contributions to both academia and practice.

Biography of Dr. Sy Khang Dinh
 
Dr. Dinh Sy Khang is a researcher specializing in cleaner production, sustainability, renewable energy, greenhouse gas emissions reduction, and climate change adaptation. His research has focused on developing new methods for sustainable life cycle assessment of renewable energy sources. This research aims to build a comprehensive understanding of the sustainability of bioenergy production from various sources. The findings also provide policy guidance for product development that integrates perspectives from different stakeholders. Currently, he continues his research and teaching at the Institute of Sustainable Finance - University of Economics Ho Chi Minh City, focusing on developing sustainable value chains from economic, social, and environmental perspectives, as well as advancing circular economy models.
Biography of Prof. Dinh Tuan Phan
 
 Professor Phan Dinh Tuan is a former president, now a senior researcher at Hochiminh City University of Natural Resources and Environment. Professor Tuan has 40 years of research experience in the field of chemical technology and environmental technology. Professor Tuan was leader of many national and international projects, transferring research results for practical application. Currently, he is one of Vietnam's leading industry experts advising on policies, technology and solutions in environmental pollution control. 
Professor Phan Dinh Tuan has more than 100 publications in international and national scientific journals in the field of chemical and environmental engineering.


Biography of Dr. Thi Kim Tran
 
 Dr. Tran Thi Kim is currently a lecturer at Faculty of Island Marine Resource Management, Ho Chi Minh City University of Natural Resource and Environment, Vietnam. She finished her PhD at the Institute of Environment and Resources, Vietnamese and a. After received a PhD degree in Engineering in 2023, she focused on Hydrodynamics and hydrological modeling in the river and coastal areas, sediment transport, and riverbank failure. Dr. Tran Thi Kim has more than 50 publications, both English and Vietnamese, including scientific journal articles, books, conference and workshop proceedings in the field studies of Water Resources Engineering, Climate change and Water Engineering.
Biography of Dr. Chau Thi Nhien
 
PhD. Chau Thi Nhien is a researcher and project manager specializing in agricultural and rural development, with a focus on water security in the Mekong Delta. She has served on steering committees for government- and locally funded projects, addressing water pollution in aquaculture and freshwater shortages in agriculture due to climate change. She has organized numerous scientific conferences and participated in research evaluation boards. With extensive experience in research and management, she contributes to implementing practical solutions for water security and sustainable farming in challenging conditions.
Biography of Dr. Hoang Khai Tran
 
Dr. Tran Hoang Khai is an expert in teaching, policy dissemination, and researching local government leadership and policy implementation. With a strong background in legal matters, he provides insights into national policies on water security, supporting research teams in policy analysis and recommendations.

Biography of Dr. Rina Heu
 
Dr. Heu Rina is a Cambodian researcher and lecturer specializing in Environmental Science and Engineering. She holds a Ph.D. from Tokyo Institute of Technology, an M.Eng. from Chulalongkorn University, and a B.Eng. from the Institute of Technology of Cambodia. Her research focuses on water and wastewater treatment, water quality, air pollution, and ecosystems. She has led multiple research projects and published in international journals. Dr. Rina has received several awards, including the Science Prize for Women (2021) and Best Lecturer-Researcher Award (2023). She is recognized for her contributions to water sustainability and environmental engineering in Cambodia.



Biography of Dr. Pen Sytharith
 
Dr. PEN Sytharith is a lecturer/researcher at Faculty of Hydrology and Water Resources Engineering, Institute of Technology of Cambodia. He obtained his PhD from Hokkaido University, Japan. He was a recipient of Talented Young Scientist Program Fellowship to research in Guilin University of Technology, China. He is currently the coordinator of Coastal and Wetland Environmental Research Laboratory which is an active research group focusing on surface water hydrology and groundwater interaction in coastal and wetland, as well as riverine system in Cambodia. His research interests focus on catchment hydrology and morphodynamics.

Biography of Ms. Leakhena Song
 
Ms. SONG LEAKHENA is a Chief of Bureau, Department of Science and Technology, General Directorate of Policy and Strategy (GDPS), Ministry of Environment. She earned International Masters in Environmental Policy from the International School of Urban Science, University of Seoul, Korea. She also a Fellowship of 2022 RCARO Programme in Korea which researched about nuclear energy policy between Korea and Cambodia.


Biography of Dr. Sokchhay Heng
 
Dr. Sokchhay Heng is currently affiliated to Faculty of Hydrology and Water Resources Engineering, Institute of Technology of Cambodia. He holds bachelor, master and doctoral degree in the field of water engineering and management. He is also a Professional Engineer and ASEAN Engineer in the field of hydrology. His rich experiences of more than 15 years have been accumulated through an engagement in more than 60 water-related projects in Cambodia and the Mekong region. Dr. Heng has published more than 80 scientific publications in peer-reviewed journals, conference/workshop proceedings & books/book chapters. He earned his PhD Degree from University of Yamanashi, Japan.

Biography of Dr. Wasin Punthong
 
Dr. Wasin Punthong is a lecturer in the Department of Politics and Government, Faculty of Political Science, Thammasat University. He obtained International Masters in Economy, State and Society: Politics and Security from the School of Slavonic and East European Studies, University College London, UK (Distinction) and Master of Arts in Social Sciences – Baltic Sea Region Studies from the Johan Skytte Institute of Political Studies, University of Tartu, Estonia (Cum Laude). Later, he obtained a PhD in Science Technology and Innovation Policy from the Manchester Institute of Innovation Research, University of Manchester in 2024. His thesis explores science technology and innovation policy change in Thailand from 1997 to 2022 His research and academic works focus on innovation policy in developing economies, sustainability transitions, and digital governance. 
Biography of Prof. Mukand S. Babel

 
Prof. Mukand S. Babel is a distinguished expert in water engineering, management, and climate change, with over 40 years of experience spanning academia, practice, and consultancy. Recognized among the top 2% of influential scientists globally in Environmental Engineering (Stanford University, 2023) and listed in the Reuters Hot List of the world’s top 1000 climate scientists (2021), he has worked across 24 countries. He is also Adjunct Professor, at UNU-FLORES, Germany, Honorary Professor at the University of Exeter, UK, Honorary Professor at the Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati, India, and Visiting Professor at the Indian Institute of Technology Roorkee. He has co-authored more than 190 journal articles in high impact factor international journals with a current h-index of 44. 

Biography of Dr. Natthachet Tangdamrongsub
 
Dr. Natthachet Tangdamrongsub is an assistant professor of the Water Engineering and Management Program. His research interests include land surface modeling, data assimilation, artificial intelligence, and satellite geodesy and remote sensing. He focuses on integrating satellite Earth observations (e.g., soil moisture, terrestrial water storage, surface water) with model estimates to address grand challenges in water resources, climate, and natural hazards at both global and regional scales.

Biography of PhD. Pyae Mon Naing
 
Ms. Pyae Mon Naing is an Early Carrer Researcher at the Asian Institute of Technology. Her research interests are within the field of hydrology and water resources which include, climate change impact assessment and adaptation in the water sector with focus on Nature-based Solutions, and Water-Energy-Carbon Nexus. She has been awarded the His Majesty King’s Scholarship for her doctoral study, Loom Nam Khong Pijai Scholarship for her Masters’, as well as the ABCD Future Environmental Leaders Scholarship funded by the DAAD for her doctoral exchange in Germany. 


